[Applause]
Madame de Rosa spoke out about
her husband's arrest opening up about
the difficult situation she's been
going through in this first part she explains
her decision to make this
news public it breaks my heart to have to
record this video but I have no
choice those of you who have known me for a long
time know that I've always kept
my work life separate from my
private life for me it's uh
quite hard to have to open it up to
you in this
unpleasant way forgive me because it's very hard for me to
keep talking Serena I have to
tell you that I have been emotionally
separated from my husband for quite some
time as you can see I still call him my
husband because we have a child out of
habit in the second part Madame de
Rosa Reflects on her Relationship yero
for helping her ex-husband in the past and
because I didn't want to make it public I have never
made my love life public
uh I fully understand all the fuss
that this may entail all I can
tell you that if I am guilty of anything it is of having fallen
in love with a person I
have known him since I was 14 years old I think
that gives you enough information from  that I
know him I have tried to help him sometimes
with more success other times with less success
finally Madame de Rosa expresses her
feelings towards her ex-husband and asks for
respect for herself and her son in this
difficult time from the first time I
saw him I fell in love with him and despite
being separated from him I think I think I will
continue to be in love with him until I
die my life I assure you that it has not been
an easy life I repeat again that it
breaks my heart to have to open up like
this only the people close to me
know what my truth is and the only thing I
ask if I can ask for anything is respect for
my son for me I want to thank
all the people who are
writing to me sending me beautiful
incredible messages I keep them in my heart and
to all of you who are there and
have always supported me I love you
3000 Madame de Rosa also published a
text on Instagram where she clarifies her
position and thanks you for
the support received I feel the need
to address you due to the
information that has been published
regarding my
ex-husband it is deeply unpleasant to
have to give explanations about
situations that are not my fault
responsibility i have dedicated my
working life to building my career and i have always
kept my personal and
sentimental life separate from my work i
fell in love with him when he was barely 14
years old and at that age it is difficult to make the
right decisions about the people we
love i have always tried to
help him i have not always succeeded
we have a son together and out of respect for
his well-being i will never speak ill of his
father my priority will always be to protect
and take care of our son i am grateful for
all the displays of affection and support i have
received during these
difficult times you are an important part of
my life and i deeply value your
understanding and
support a few days ago david bustamante
gave a concert in ponferrada that
generated comments on social networks
due to his physical change some
users pointed out that it was difficult for them to
recognize the singer by his new
[Music]
after the criticism received a
twitter user shared a message
defending the artist and explaining the
possible reasons behind his
physical transformation she also included a
fragment of a recent appearance on
el hormiguero people don't need to
tell you if you are fat if you are too
thin everyone has their stories their
problems you have to let them each have
mirrors in  house before emphasized that it is a
normal process and that he feels good with
his decision and when the time comes for
each one if he decides to make a decision and
change and find his best version whatever it
is we must respect it because we
tend to do harm for free
everyone has a mirror at home do not
tell him he has changed he has gained weight yes so such
tell him how are you that is what to
say to people and it is already
on the program tardear
the subject was delved into showing the clip of Bustamante
and analyzing the reactions on
social networks in this first part
the controversy in networks about his
physical change and the criticism received physical
appearance is presented because the singer has
gained weight again and you know how
cruel social networks are
physical appearance is more important than
musical talent is not that why we have
spoken today with David
gladly that well I see him with
a few extra kilos we have asked if he
was aware if he noticed no that he was
with those kilos how was he and he
told us the reason I am very attentive because
surely more than one is going to feel
identified with him  a video is circulating in
which they are talking about your physique
if it weren't for you I would not have even
found out about that Thank you for your
concern but I'm fine just
add the second part David
Butamante responds directly to the
stir expressing that he is fine and that he is
not worried about the controversy when you stop
smoking these things happen nothing that can't be
solved Merry Christmas and a
big hug nevertheless I appreciate
the concern in the third part
Lolita Flores defends Bustamante in
the program highlighting his happiness and
success regardless of his
physical appearance because
since we have coincided in other
programs and we coincide from time to time I
can say that he is better than ever that he is
super happy that he is very happy that is the
important thing is to say that he is
still the good artist that he is whether he weighs
10 kg on top or below He may lose them Now to
lose weight Cristinas y Fuentes and Ana Rosa
Quintana reflect on the criticism of
the physical appearance of artists
especially towards women and advocate
for a change in public perception
one thing eh welcome David Bustamante
to the world in which most
women have to live and that is to be questioned
permanently for our
all that you've gained weight that
you're fat Uy you're sick how loose that
wrinkles and that I don't know what I
say that what has surprised me the most is
not the weight it's the
straight side haircut he likes it valid that of
having stopped smoking because
obviously you gain a lot of weight but I
think that David is now calm
happy Those diets that in the end produce
a rebound effect I tell you because I
agreed with him enora that I was on for a
week and that that diet does a
rebound effect that you enter ketosis
that can also be Well but the fact is that
this topic is recurring in the last
part the collaborators of tardear
close the discussion remembering the
importance of valuing people for their
talent and not for their physique the
physical appearance is not the only thing that has happened to him
there are other artists who are also
saying well okay Already Lucas de andi
Lucas that without the nose that without the nose
Javier Chicote has responded
forcefully to Irene Montero after
insinuating that she was spreading hoaxes about the
Coldo case in this  first part Chicote
presents his
main argument but is that you are you know
who is convicted of publishing
false information and that you accused a
man of abusing his son and you with the
supreme court I have
appealed dees in the second part
Chicote delves into his criticism of
Irene Montero and her position regarding
justice what I have done is defend the
interests of protective mothers
then you Levis month to the head when
abusers murder boys and girls do
not talk about what you do not know and about this you do
not know Spain is condemned for not
protecting protective mothers
that I
do not defend
government only failed the sey founder of
globo scar pier has been charged with an
alleged crime against workers
the prosecutor's office accuses him of keeping
delivery drivers under a false
self-employed model that has been banned since
2020 scar pier is the creator of one of
the best-known delivery platforms
in Spain but this accusation
could be a serious setback for his
career and the reputation of the
company Iker Jimnez  He reflects on
natural disasters and the lack of
coordination in
emergency management. In this first part, he
describes the devastating scene in the
towns after a devastating flood. How
everything is a hoax. And such. But the point is this:
when I get there, I think
the impact, Federico, is that you think,
okay, there's been a disaster, 48
hours have passed, you're going to see a lot of
military trucks, fire trucks, you're welcome. I give you my
word. Hey, I've published 10% of what I
recorded, there was no one in many towns and that
feeling, which I imagine many of us
in Madrid remember, of how
people were during 11M. Not that zombie-like feeling
of not really knowing what's happening.
Your family has gone down the drain, sometimes the house,
everything, and the people. But uh, 48
hours have passed and I say, well, how was it
before. In the second part, Iker
addresses the previous errors in
planning and points out the lack of
action during the emergency. We
arrived and we said, no, no, no, it's no, it's not
human, what's happening is, no one
warned anyone. I, I, here.  I personally think no
one will be saved here, no one was
properly warned and no one helped afterwards, so you
tell me what you do, especially because you
can say there have been mistakes before,
in that, I think it is a mistake for the
media to insist. What happened before, no? What
happened after, first,
the works that had to be done in
Aznar's hydrological plan had not been done, which
Zapatero took over as soon as he arrived, all
the necessary dams were there so that there wouldn't be
one more flood, there will be floods,
but in one case, Barranco del pollo is
less than what Broncano charges for his
exclusive, in that it was simply to clean
the channel, they can't clean it because
Mother Nature demands that the water flows
and it has flowed with 220 dead and half the
province of Valencia destroyed, but the
underlying problem afterwards is why is there no
coordination because the idiot
Mazn tells Snchez that it is worse
than pain. Well then, take charge. And you
are telling me no, the obligation was to
intervene by the central government from
minute one because it affected more than one
Autonomous Community, from Aragon to La Mancha,
Catalonia, Andalusia and  He didn't intervene and
if the situation is very serious, tell me
if the situation in Valencia wasn't serious,
Federico finally Iker recounts the
shocking phenomena observed after the
flood, highlighting how nature exceeded
human forecasts.
Ehel, if you go there, I don't know what
happened because then you know about the
tornadoes, such things that you say, [ __ ]. But
this in the Chiva area that I also
recorded, Chiva Cheste, that whole area had
ashlars like this 19th century study
of that stone from when things were done
as they were supposed to be done and there was a hole
like this table like this table that we
have here in the radius of the water,
so you say, but what
happened here, I mean, one thing is a
flood and that it drags and another thing is the
phenomena that we saw, I don't know what it could have
been, that of wine in Chiva they have a
saint. By the way, they said that thank
goodness there have been three floods, but this
was something unique and they still think that he
protected them, no, but Iker Jimnez comments on the
uncertainty surrounding the victims in the
parking lot.  boner and the importance of
continuing to talk about those affected there comes a
time when someone becomes
the target that must be finished off
because you can't talk freely
about things that you don't even know have
happened the specific case was that of the
dead in the parking lot I remember
talking about that because we didn't have
the data and naturally the logical thing was to
think that there were many dead if there
were 200 cars at least all of them almost
all of them have died either in a garage or in a
basement even those swept away by the
waters have died there we still don't know
the figure and it's not known and it won't be known for
a while because illegal immigrants have started to die
people who weren't claimed
like that how is the latest in
Valencia because the important thing is that in
the week in the Cuesta de enero Let's continue
talking about Valencia because that is
terrible Well look Federico look
colleagues and we in the
Horizon program which is a bit of the other version
that we do of current affairs we don't want to
leave Valencia because it
bothers them a lot or well they fear I know what
the media are like that oblivion will come
we have prepared for example
with the police the looting is  One thing
that is rarely talked about and is one of the things
Federico that I believe makes me
look like an outcast does not talk about the
difficulties in reporting from the
affected areas and the struggle of the
neighbors to overcome the tragedy the
story is very simple I'm leaving I
say this sincerely the television where they
could broadcast with coverage was a place it's
as if you are in Cibeles for
those who are from Madrid and the
real crux of the matter begins in Vallecas no then
I said I'm going to Vallecas and I'm going
with with mechanic Gaitn I a station and with
3 minutes left we had no entrance
no there was no electricity some Romanians left us
a rooftop Where there was electricity the light had been
left on over there it was a candle there was no
electricity at all and one place had electricity
well we put up the antenna and we went in
So what happened Federico very
simple I showed the devastated stores it
was the second night so the
devastated store finally Iker details how
the media can contribute to preventing
the victims from being forgotten highlighting
the importance of continuity in
coverage I showed the people doing
patrols to defend women in
the dark I showed the people  taking
televisions I took out people with radial saws
tearing up ATMs looting
people asking for water oxygen in
marid has no oxygen from Los
Balcones And that is invited on prime time on
a Thursday was not planned, that is to say the
wave of indignation that Hub des you did not
know what you were going to find that is part
of my shock too, I mean you the
official account of something is happening TV has published
news that has caused a lot of commotion on the
networks And it is that Barbara Rey has reached
an agreement with Mandarina Productions
to tell her whole truth in a
Prime Time special on Tele5
presented by Beatrice Archidona and
Santi
[Music]
Acosta Beln Esteban talks about her
conflict with Paz Padilla remembering
how she reacted to a controversial V about
vaccines and their tense relationship on
Slvame comp Padilla I don't want to know
anything about that lady because in real life it has been
said that she left Salv because of you because of
me she didn't leave because she wanted
Beln narrates how a confrontation over
vaccines ended with Paz leaving
the set but it was the trigger  a
conversation not a conversation about
me watching a video that goes against
vaccines I get home from Christmas and we
start talking she didn't even look at my
face she left I said hey let's talk she
grabbed the mic and left I don't
want to know anything about this bad time so much I
want want want want want love love love love
love Beln remembers
How she tried to console Pat after
her brother's death but didn't receive a
response Look I'm going to tell you something I do
n't care when her brother died
which makes me very sad because
one thing has nothing to do with it I
wrote it down or opened it and I told her I was
very sorry but I don't want to know anything
but the thing is that she was talking to me about something and that is that
my husband is a health worker
like all people are health workers but
health workers have had a terrible time and I
couldn't allow that to be said I mean it
seemed terrible to me and then she told me
something that I don't remember and I told her don't go
that way but anyways then she left she
reported it to Tele5 media then they reached
an agreement and she came back I mean she didn't leave
because of Beln Esteban maybe  she left
because she didn't know how to discuss that topic and I
After what happened with her brother, I sent her
a WhatsApp message despite what
happened between us I'm so sorry
and that she doesn't open it and that it doesn't cost anything to
say Thank you I completely respect
Thank you but I know what I have to
do you know Beln remembers her last
visit to the hospital to say goodbye to
Mila Jimene Jorge came here and spoke
clearly to us he told us about the book he had
released and he spoke a lot about the grief he
was suffering with the loss of Mila
the emotional farewell shows how
shocking her loss was how did you
call this topic I do remember that I
remember her badly because I think it was
too fast and she really
wanted to live a lot of people called me
to say goodbye but on the last day
that I went with her to the hospital that we were going
Ral Prieto and I ran out I
said to her look give me kisses again and I won't be
upset anymore and I have that image here here I
have it yes malber asks Beln
why didn't anyone stop her during her most
difficult stage in save me when she wasn't well
when she went through a  bad time in my life
for me it was hard I have always had
many doubts and in fact when David
came I asked him when you are going through
a bad time I did not understand how in
general terms both production chain
friendships even nobody said enough yes I
said it yes I said it I have always
said that they saved me yes I said it
she is grateful for the support received but
points out errors in the environment but I did not
have the right person at
my side at that time and she makes me go to
work because it was when I closed the most things
to sell I sold until my death
okay And well family this has been
today's news if you do not want to miss
any detail subscribe to the Channel and
activate notifications bye
[Music]